Add 1.6.13 post (#319)
runelite/runelite.net: src/_posts/2020-05-01-10-00-1.6.13-Release.md

---
title: '1.6.12 & 1.6.13 Releases'
description: 'Deadman and poll 70 improvements'
author: Adam
---

The 1.6.12 release that went out last week was forced due to the game update,
but we did not have a blog post ready. This post covers both releases.

The Leagues hiscore lookup has been replaced now with the newly opened Deadman
tournament, and the various lookup commands in game now recognize the Deadman
tournament worlds and will look up the correct hiscores for them.

![hiscores](/img/blog/1.6.13-Release/hiscores.png)

Divine Bastion and Battlemage potions have had timers added, and have been added

> to the items tats and item identiciation plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the items stats and item identification plugins.
```
